# haskell-unix-plug
## Year 3 - Programming Languages

Problem Statement:
"Before the meeting begins, you gather up all the devices that the reporters would like to use, and attempt to set them up. You notice that some of the devices use plugs for which there is no receptacle. You wonder if these devices are from countries that didn't exist when the room was built. For some receptacles, there are several devices that use the corresponding plug. For other receptacles, there are no devices that use the corresponding plug. In order to try to solve the problem you visit a nearby parts supply store."

The input will consist of one case. The first line contains a single positive integer n, indicating the number of receptacles in the room. The next n lines list the receptacle types found in the room. Each receptacle type consists of a string of at most 24 alphanumeric characters. The next line contains a single positive integer m, indicating the number of devices you would like to plug in. Each of the next m lines lists the name of a device followed by the type of plug it uses (which is identical to the type of receptacle it requires). A device name is a string of at most 24 alphanumeric characters. No two devices will have exactly the same name. The plug type is separated from the device name by a space. The next line contains a single positive integer k, indicating the number of different varieties of adapters that are available. Each of the next k lines describes a variety of adapter, giving the type of receptacle provided by the adapter, followed by a space, followed by the type of plug.
